---
layout: post
title:  "Minutes of Steering Committee Meeting No.6"
date:   2020-05-26 14:00:00 +1000
tags: minutes steering
published: true
badges: [ final ]
---

## Attendees 
- [JB] Justin Baker
- [MS] Manodeep Sinha  (Chair)
- [NL] Nooriyah Poonawala-Lohani
- [NM] Nicholas May
- [RL] Rebecca Lange

## Apologies
- [DC] Daniel Collins
- [HP] Heidi Perrett

## Discussion
For the detailed agenda see: [GitHub Issue 11](https://github.com/rse-aunz/organisation/issues/11)

### 1. Approval of Previous Minutes
See link: [Minutes from Meeting No.5](/2020/04/28/Minutes-of-SCM-05) - Passed unanimously.

Completed and updated actions carried forward.

- [NM]	Create a discussion document for online events.- done
- [NL]	Follow up with enquiries concerning Casual Vacancies. - done
- [JB]  	D5 (Meetings): re-draft (if appropriate) and outline steps to advance. - deferred to 2021.

### 2. Discussion of Events for 2020

Note: [see Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a-OE1RMwG3LFwzAqQbfoQU8fRR-KShCyA_Pp9F9WVIg)

#### Collaborating with the ARDC

A summary of discussions with the ARDC was shared with the committee. The following impressions were conveyed: 

- The Skilled Workforce program is in a transition mode.
- They will be relaunching the Tech Talks, when they have a better idea of format and content. There was some discussion about depth vs breadth in terms of content and the benefits/risks of both approaches.
- ARDC (and NeSI) do not have the resources to lead these activities, but can provide support and connections to run them.
- A request was made to ARDC for help with the operational activities of the RSE-AUNZ, such as event management, through a partial FTE.
- It was suggested that the RSE-AUNZ could assist the ARDC by polling our community to identify topics of interest for Tech Talks and other online sessions. An action was created to review voting platforms, such as Tricider.
- The committee agreed that we should propose that RSE-AUNZ provide the community engagement for RSE related activities, if ARDC/NeSI can provide the operational support.

#### NZ 2020 Science Coding Conference 

The committee discussed some options for changing the name of this conference that have been proposed, so that it is more closely aligned with the RSE community.

The committee agreed that the name should include the following elements, in some form and combination:

- Research Software Engineering
- New Zealand
- Conference
- 2020

On this basis, the committee agreed that the conference committee is welcome to include the RSE-AUNZ logo and the text 'Supported by RSE-AUNZ'.

In addition, the committee requested that an additional representative of RSE-AUNZ be invited to join the conference program committee. Volunteers will be requested on confirmation of the invite.

The committee agreed to reserve the option of endorsing the conference to a later date, after we have a clearer understanding of how the conference aligns with our goals.

#### F1000Research

The committee has been contacted by [F1000Research ](https://f1000research.com/)to explore a potential collaboration around promoting open research.

It was unclear what form this collaboration could take, so it was agreed that further investigation was required.

### 3. Casual Vacancies
There is one position vacant. No applications are outstanding.

### 4. Any other business

None.

## Actions
- [HP]	Contact Rowland Mosbergen about pictures from the eResAus 2019 workshop.
- [HP, NL]  Gather content from Workshop and BoF at eResAus 2019 and eRNZ 2020.
  - Create a post from the content.
- [MS]	Investigate a potential relationship between RSE-AUNZ and F1000Research.
- [MS, NM]  Investigate implementation of secure protocol for rse-aunz.org website.
- [NL]	Draft a post for the website summarising the eResNZ'20 workshop.
- [NM]	Share logo and branding details with NL.
- [NM]	Update website with approved minutes.

##### Deliverables

- [DC, MS]  	D1 (Manifesto): re-draft (if appropriate) and outline steps to advance.
- [NL]  	D7 (Survey): re-draft (if appropriate) and outline steps to advance.
- [HP]  	D2 (Personas): re-draft (if appropriate) and outline steps to advance.
- [NM] 	D4 (Web Presence): re-draft (if appropriate) and outline steps to advance.
- [JB]  	D5 (Meetings): re-draft (if appropriate) and outline steps to advance.
  - See [RSE-AUNZ D5 Run Face to Face Meetings](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1UVCYK9AhfJLTqavvTdWCkgB_yjkaUu8qUYqrElijolc)

## Next Meeting
Scheduled: 2pm (AEST) on Tuesday 23rd June.

> Notes
> These minutes have been drafted under part of the [Chatham House Rule](https://www.chathamhouse.org/chatham-house-rule). This promotes openness, and inclusion, by not attributing any specific comment to any individual/s. The exception is that participants are necessarily listed as attendees of the Steering Committee meeting.
