---
layout: post
title:  "Minutes of Steering Committee Meeting No.3"
date:   2020-01-28 14:30:00 +1000
tags: minutes steering
published: true
badges: [ final ]
---

## Attendees
- [DC] Daniel Collins
- [HP] Heidi Perrett
- [JB] Justin Baker
- [NM] Nicholas May (Chair)
- [MS] Manodeep Sinha 

## Apologies
- [NL] Nooriyah Poonawala-Lohani

## Discussion
For the detailed agenda see: 
[GitHub Issue 8](https://github.com/rse-aunz/organisation/issues/8)

### 1. Approval of Previous Minutes
See link: [Minutes from Meeting No.2](/2019/11/01/Minutes-of-SCM-02). 
Passed unanimously.

### 2. Update to Co-Chair position
HP notified the committee that she would have to step down as co-chair, 
due to changes in her professional commitments, but will continue as a 
general member.
The committee agreed to continue the arrangement of having co-chairs, 
so that the position's workload could be shared.
MS was elected unopposed to the vacant co-chair position, and endorsed 
unanimously by the committee.
 
### 3. RSE Leaders Workshop 2020
RSE-AUNZ has been invited by the Society of RSE (SocRSE) to participate 
in planning for the next [RSE Leaders Meeting](https://society-rse.org/community/rse-leaders-meetings/).
It was agreed that NM would liaise with SocRSE and keep the committee 
informed of progress.
 
### 4. Planning 2020
It was decided to postpone discussion of 'Goals & Deliverables for 2020'
to a special meeting, to be held in early February.

### 5. eResearch Australia 2019
The committee agreed that the activities at eResAus2019, including the 
Mini-Conference and BoF, should be shared via the website. 
The committee members running the respective activities will be tasked 
with collecting the output and reformatting for sharing with the RSE 
community.
 
### 6. eResearch NZ 2020
The involvement of RSE-AUNZ in this upcoming conference was raised, 
specifically with reference to a post by NL on the 
'Australia-New-Zealand' channel of the RSE Slack site:
"Hi @channel, We now have a time slot for an RSE BoF at
[eResearchNZ](https://www.eresearchnz2020.org.nz), 
if you have ideas on how I should run it or would like to contribute to 
it please let me know I would love to have more people involved in 
putting this together. Do try and make it to the BoF, we would love to 
see you there!"

It was agreed that the committee should assist NL in organizing the 
event, as this is an opportunity to extend and engage with the RSE 
community in New Zealand.    
 
### 7. Website Content
A draft update to the RSE-AUNZ website has been shared with the committee.
It was agreed that the new layout offered a more professional branding, 
however, significant work will be required to update the content.
It was agreed that we should aim to have a branding and content update 
to the site before eResNZ 2020 (i.e. by 12th Feb. 2020).
 
### 8. Casual Vacancies
Several potential candidates have been identified from discussions at 
eResearch Australasia 2019. In addition, the committee agreed to promote
the open positions at the upcoming eResearch NZ 2020 conference
 
## 9. Any other business
None.

## Actions
- [NL] 	Coordinate RSE-AUNZ activities and messaging at eResNZ 2020.
- [NM]  Coordinate content and layout updates to the website, [due 2020-02-11].
- [HP]	Contact Rowland Mosbergen about pictures from eResAus 2019 Workshop.
- [HP, NL]   Gather content from Workshop and BoF at eResAus 2019.
- [All]  Provide input and content for eResNZ 2020 activities.
- [All]  Provide feedback on the draft website to NM.

## Next Meeting
Feb. 25th at 2pm (AEDT)

> Notes
> These minutes have been drafted under part of the 
> [Chatham House Rule](https://www.chathamhouse.org/chatham-house-rule). 
> This promotes openness, and inclusion, by not attributing any specific 
> comment to any individual/s. The exception is that participants are 
> necessarily listed as attendees of the Steering Committee meeting.